chore(swarm): append missing changelog (#5806)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: libp2p/CHANGELOG.md

- Expose swarm builder phase errors.
  See [PR 5726](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/5726).

- Deprecate `ConnectionHandler::{InboundOpenInfo, OutboundOpenInfo}` associated type.  

>   Previously, users can tag pending substreams with custom data and retrieve the data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously, users could tag pending sub streams with custom data and retrieve the data 
```
